# StarboundDescriptionPatcher-Compiler
A tool for starbound modders, meant to simplify the tedious process of writing racial descriptions for all the vanilla items.

Until I figure out the best way to package it into .exe, requires Python 3.

This tool includes two python scripts - crawler-retriever.py and patcher-dumper.py

#crawler-retriever.py

crawler-retriever.py walks through the folders recursively, starting from one the script is launched in, and forms a namedump.json, containing Name, Description, Filename and Relative Path for the found .object files. 

* Name field is there for user's information, it is not used in generating the .patch files.
* Desc field is there to be edited. Put your racial description in this field. By default, it is filled with the default description from the game.
* File field should not be touched. It is used to generate the .patch files and changing it will result in patch not applying correctly.
* Path field should not be touched. It is used to generate the file structure and ensure the .patch files are located correctly.

#patcher-dumper.py

patcher-dumper.py takes the resulting edited .json file and generates the file structure and .patch files based on it.

patcher-dumper.py accepts two arguments, and should be called as follows : 

`python patcher-dumper.py filename.json racename`

the script will then generate folders and .patch files based on said json. You can very well cut out parts of the namedump or separate it into files, but you should remember that the folders generated by the patcher-dumper should be put in the same path in the mod folder as the path crawler-retriever wa run in to generate the namedump. 

So for example if you decided to run crawler-retriever in /objects/avian to generate a separate .json file, the resulting folders will need to be in /yourmod/objects/avian.
